resources.md, before:

# Resources

First some general links:

### Cyber Discovery:
https://joincyberdiscovery.com/

Cyber Discovery is a good place to start for all those aged 13-18. If you have not already checked out Cyber Discovery then be sure too.

### Hack The Box:
https://www.hackthebox.eu/

A great site for practising your hacking skills.

### TryHackMe:
https://tryhackme.com/

Another site for practising your hacking skills. You can take part in KOTHs (King Of The Hills) which also have a blue team focus, a good way to improve blue team skills. 

### OverTheWire:
https://overthewire.org/wargames/

A great site to focus on the more red team based hacking.

### CTFLearn:
https://ctflearn.com/

A platform hosting a multitude of ctf-like challenges to try out, starting with very basic beginner challenges and progressing in difficulty. 

### Cheatsheets:
https://www.sans.org/blog/the-ultimate-list-of-sans-cheat-sheets/

The name says it all, great for a recap when using certain tools such as nmap etc.

### Useful Rabbit Hole: 
https://github.com/ED-209-MK7/5pillars/blob/master/5-Pillars.md

More links and helpful resources, as well a more detailed approach on learning Cyber Security.

### General Tutorials
https://tutorials.cyberaces.org/tutorials.html

Just visit the link, no more needed to be said or done. 

**Now some more specific categories:**

## Cryptography:

### Cryptohack:
https://cryptohack.org/challenges/

Cryptohack is great for cryptography challenges of all difficulties, they are also updated weekly so there is plenty to take part in.


## BinExp/Pwn/Reversing:

### Exploit Exercises:
https://exploit-exercises.lains.space/

Full of amazing challenges with varying difficulty, they will give a much better understanding with binary exploitation.

### LiveOverflow:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClcE-kVhqyiHCcjYwcpfj9w

A great channel full of binexp walkthroughs.

## Programming:

### Freecodecamp:
https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/

A great resource for learning code, especially for the web languages.

### Bash Academy:
https://guide.bash.academy/

Although Bash is simple, it is a great language to learn and this site makes it easy.

### (More) Bash:
https://github.com/LeCoupa/awesome-cheatsheets/blob/master/languages/bash.sh

Just some **very** helpful commands and tips on getting started with bash to increase your efficiency.

### Codecademy:
https://www.codecademy.com/

Although not for everyone, codecademy provides a practical hands on approach to learning programming. The best thing about Codecadamy is the sheer number of languages avaible to learn.

### Programming in C:
https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/0321776410/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1

A little different to other resources on this list,but this is a great book for getting into C.

## Osint:
https://osintframework.com/

There are a lot of available resources at the above link, However, currently as of the time of writing there are no free courses available in the `Training` section.

We will also update this resource as regularly as possible
> Last updated: 11th October 2020 by Chris Harris (@cjharris18).

Commit message:

#hacktoberfest-accepted
Added Latex resource

resources.md, after:

# Resources

First some general links:

### Cyber Discovery:
https://joincyberdiscovery.com/

Cyber Discovery is a good place to start for all those aged 13-18. If you have not already checked out Cyber Discovery then be sure too.

### Hack The Box:
https://www.hackthebox.eu/

A great site for practising your hacking skills.

### TryHackMe:
https://tryhackme.com/

Another site for practising your hacking skills. You can take part in KOTHs (King Of The Hills) which also have a blue team focus, a good way to improve blue team skills. 

### OverTheWire:
https://overthewire.org/wargames/

A great site to focus on the more red team based hacking.

### CTFLearn:
https://ctflearn.com/

A platform hosting a multitude of ctf-like challenges to try out, starting with very basic beginner challenges and progressing in difficulty. 

### Cheatsheets:
https://www.sans.org/blog/the-ultimate-list-of-sans-cheat-sheets/

The name says it all, great for a recap when using certain tools such as nmap etc.

### Useful Rabbit Hole: 
https://github.com/ED-209-MK7/5pillars/blob/master/5-Pillars.md

More links and helpful resources, as well a more detailed approach on learning Cyber Security.

### General Tutorials
https://tutorials.cyberaces.org/tutorials.html

Just visit the link, no more needed to be said or done. 

**Now some more specific categories:**

## Cryptography:

### Cryptohack:
https://cryptohack.org/challenges/

Cryptohack is great for cryptography challenges of all difficulties, they are also updated weekly so there is plenty to take part in.


## BinExp/Pwn/Reversing:

### Exploit Exercises:
https://exploit-exercises.lains.space/

Full of amazing challenges with varying difficulty, they will give a much better understanding with binary exploitation.

### LiveOverflow:
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UClcE-kVhqyiHCcjYwcpfj9w

A great channel full of binexp walkthroughs.

## Programming:

### Freecodecamp:
https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/

A great resource for learning code, especially for the web languages.

### Bash Academy:
https://guide.bash.academy/

Although Bash is simple, it is a great language to learn and this site makes it easy.

### (More) Bash:
https://github.com/LeCoupa/awesome-cheatsheets/blob/master/languages/bash.sh

Just some **very** helpful commands and tips on getting started with bash to increase your efficiency.

### Codecademy:
https://www.codecademy.com/

Although not for everyone, codecademy provides a practical hands on approach to learning programming. The best thing about Codecadamy is the sheer number of languages avaible to learn.

### Programming in C:
https://www.amazon.co.uk/gp/product/0321776410/ref=ppx_yo_dt_b_asin_title_o01_s00?ie=UTF8&psc=1

A little different to other resources on this list,but this is a great book for getting into C.

## Osint:
https://osintframework.com/

There are a lot of available resources at the above link, However, currently as of the time of writing there are no free courses available in the `Training` section.


## Maths Resources
Although not explicitly linked to cyber security, you might find the below links useful:

### Learning LaTex:
https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/LaTeX

This is a great resource for learning more about Latex and its usage.


We will also update this resource as regularly as possible
> Last updated: 11th October 2020 by Chris Harris (@cjharris18).
